welcome back to movie reviews
today i am going to show you a action
comedy film from 2009 titled the
hangover
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the movie opens with phil on the phone
in the middle of the desert he is
calling the fiancee of his best friend
doug and tells her that they messed up
and tells her we lost doug the fiance
tracy garner freaks out because she and
doug are supposed to get married in five
hours
he tells her that's not going to happen
two days earlier doug and his soon-to-be
brother-in-law allen are trying on
tuxedos allen says it's okay if doug
doesn't bring him to the bachelor party
tonight allen is severely socially inept
but doug makes it clear that he wants
alan to be there with him since they are
going to be brothers soon they have to
look out for each other
doug goes to talk to his future
father-in-law sid garner and is given
permission to take his mercedes to vegas
for the bachelor party since sid
remembers what it was like to be a young
man doug thanks him and promises that he
will be the only one to drive the car
that day
doug and alan then leave to pick up the
others
doug's best friend phil is a high school
teacher reminding one of his classes to
pay 90 for a field trip to an
observatory which they all promptly pay
phil then removes the
500 from their envelopes and puts them
into an envelope marked vegas he grabs
his bag ignores a student and jumps into
the mercedes the group then goes to get
their last member
stu a dentist is at home arguing with
his girlfriend melissa about the
bachelor party stew tells her that they
are going to nap a valley for a wine
tasting melissa is convinced however
that phil will find a way to find a
strip club
melissa treats stew very badly but stew
takes it with a smile and tries to kiss
her but she won't have any of it the
guys arriving
stu leaves with them
the group drives to las vegas and check
into caesar's palace they try to decide
how to pay and fill volunteer stu's
credit card as the main payment method
stu flatly refuses telling phil that
melissa would see the charges and
realize that they went to vegas doug
tells stu that they'll sort out the
payment when they check out
they go upstairs to get ready for their
first night out the four go to the roof
and make a toast allen treats everyone
to a shot of jagermeister and then reads
an awkward speech to the group telling
them how the four of them are like a
pack of wolves
phil then tells the others that he's
toasting them to a night they will never
forget
time passes as we go into the next
morning
phil is sleeping on the floor and alan
wakes up on the couch the room is a
complete mess
a chair is horribly burned statues
litter the room and there are a bunch of
champagne bottles aligned as bowling
pins allen goes to the bathroom and sees
a live tiger
phil wakes up when alan steps on him and
thinks that allen is imagining things
he stops once they realize doug is
nowhere to be found
they also note that doug's mattress is
missing during their search they hear a
baby crying in the closet they don't
know whose baby it is but decide to take
it with them to breakfast
at breakfast phil stu and alan realize
that they can't remember anything from
the night before
they check their pockets for clues to
what happened last night allen has
stew's tooth stu has a receipt for an
800 withdrawal at the bellagio and phil
has a hospital bracelet on his wrist
they decide to make the hospital their
first stop
outside the hotel the trio waits for the
valet to bring around their car
they notice a cleaning crew removing a
mattress impaled on caesar's statue on
an upper level of the hotel
phil notes that they must have had a
wild night the valley drives up not in
the mercedes but in a police car and
gives phil the keys
they drive off and head to the hospital
to get a lead on where doug is
at the er the doctor tells them that
phil was admitted with a mild concussion
and that doug was with them when they
visited
phil bribes him for more information and
the doctor tells him that they had just
come from a wedding at a chapel a few
blocks away
the doctor also tells phil that he had
high traces of rupilin referring to the
date rape drug known as roofies in his
system
phil freaks out at the possibility of
having been raped but the doctor tells
him he wasn't
when they arrive at the chapel they are
greeted like family by the proprietor
eddie they can't remember why but soon
found out that stu married a woman named
jade heather graham the night before and
that everyone was present for the
wedding stu freaks out a little phil
looks into an annulment and eddie gives
them jade's address
the trio head to the car and as they
pull out they are confronted by a pair
of asian gangsters demanding that the
trio return someone they kidnapped the
gangsters pull out guns and threaten the
trio before accidentally shooting eddie
in the shoulder
phil drives the car out of the lot they
get to jades and find her on the phone
freaking out because she couldn't find
her baby she sees stu and is happy to
see him but he freaks when he finds out
that she's a stripper who works as an
escort and he gave her his grandmother's
holocaust ring the group is interrupted
by the arrival of two police officers
who arrest the trio for stealing their
car at the police station phil decides
to call tracy and tells her that they
are enjoying vegas so much they are
staying an extra day he doesn't tell her
that they lost doug and is forced to
hang up when they are taken to the
interrogation room
the two officers are angry that the trio
stole their car and want to hold them
over to be arraigned the following
monday
phil explains the situation and then
attempts to blackmail them into a deal
for losing track of their squad car
which backfires the officers agree to
let the guys off the hook but trick all
three into being test subjects for a
group of kids demonstrating the effects
of a taser the guys agree on whether the
effects of being shocked by both the
police and a couple of the kids one of
which is determined to get revenge on
alan when alan kicked him lightly in the
squad room after the demonstration the
trio head over to recover the mercedes
that the police impounded
stu is surprised that the car is in
pristine condition and they then drive
back toward the hotel to see if doug
went back
on the way they hear a knocking in the
trunk and think that doug is in the
trunk of the car
they open it only to have a flamboyant
and naked asian man named leslie chow
jump out with a crowbar and attack them
after he runs off naked allen admits
that he spiked their jagermeister with
the roofies thinking they were ecstasy
pills stu flips out but phil plays it
cool and the trio returns to the hotel
they are about to enter the hotel room
when they remember the tiger they
cautiously open the door to find mike
tyson and his bodyguard in the room
tyson is singing in the air tonight by
phil collins getting the guys to join in
before knocking alan out cold it turns
out the tiger belonged to tyson and the
reason they were able to find the hotel
room was because they found doug's
jacket and room key in the tiger cage
the trio are terrified because tyson
implies that the tiger may have eaten
doug
tyson gives them an hour to bring the
tiger back to his house allen puts five
roofies into a raw stake in order to
knock out the tiger and two hours later
they cart the tiger into the mercedes
while driving to tyson's mansion the
tiger wakes up and scratches phil's neck
the trio gets out of the car and pushes
at the last mile of the way while the
tiger chews up the interior of the car
upon arriving at the mansion tyson shows
them a security tape of them stealing
the tiger and allen urinating into
tyson's grotto pond doug was with them
and they put it into a police car but
not before phil screamed look i'm raping
tyson's tiger and pandemonium having sex
with the animal tyson asks where they
got the cop car and gives them props
when they tell him they stole it with no
further leads the group heads back to
the hotel
on the way to the hotel chow and his men
crash their car into the mercedes and
force it into a pole they tell phil that
he kidnapped chao calling him my lucky
charm and that he wanted to take chao
home with them
the gangsters also noticed that allen
took chow's purse which resembles allen
satchel with him and that the satchel
ciao carrick had 80 000 worth of
bellagio casino chips
phil says they'll return the money and
chow gives them until sunrise to get it
to them and shows them that he is dug in
his suv with a hood over his face
the gang returns to the hotel and can't
find the satchel they let allen try
counting cards in order to win back the
80 000
allen is a success and they make over 82
just as the security men are about to
move in on them for card counting jade
fakes an accident and alan and phil get
away the group drives to the meeting
point to make the exchange they give
chow 80 000 in cash and chow gives them
duck
unfortunately it's the wrong duck the
dug that chow's gangster kidnapped turns
out to be the man who sold al in the bad
ecstasy
phil gets mad and tells chao to give
them back their money and to take black
dog with him
chow refuses and drives away phil
decides that it is time to end the
charade and tell tracy what happened we
hear the opening play in the background
as black doug stu and alan discuss the
reasoning behind the name roofies stu
then realizes that they put doug on the
roof of caesar's palace as a joke but
forgot him and locked him up there the
mattress on the statue of caesar was
thrown there by doug while trying to
signal for help
stu immediately tackles phil and takes
the phone away from him he tells tracy
that phil is drunk and that they are
heading back now with doug the trio race
to the hotel and find doug sunburned and
huddling for shade on the roof
doug attacks phil when phil tells him
that he is going to miss his own wedding
the group checks out and races to the
now ruined mercedes
stu and jade have a heart-to-heart talk
and jade tells him she knows the
marriage was a mistake and gives him
back his ring stu asks her if she wants
to go on a date next weekend and she
agrees
she also tells him that the reason stu
is missing a tooth is because alan told
him that he wasn't a good enough dentist
if he couldn't remove his own tooth
phil speeds down the highway on the way
to the wedding a tuxedo shop van drives
up and tosses them four tuxedos that
they ordered via phone
the group arrive at the wedding a few
minutes late tracy walks down the aisle
with sid and asks doug what happened he
explains what happened and tells her it
will never happen again as long as they
are married tracy forgives him and then
to get married
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching